welcome to another transformers revenge
of the final review this time we're
going to be looking at the legends class
optimus problem and yes I do know this
is a very overdue figure but you know
what my latest favorite figures got me
in good mood for revenge of all legends
figure so I'm gonna be doing a quite a
few of them that which I've been kind of
neglecting to do so here we have him in
his truck mode which is a lot better
than the original movie in his problem
if the first one was not bad in truck
mode I don't have them I actually think
I threw him away a long time ago but
this is a completely new mode the first
one only have one smokestack for
whatever reason for this one fixed that
little problem with that see it has Vlad
detail now these will eventually become
his hands which really don't look like
his hands here but it's a very nice
little little representation of him it's
a the legends class figures have really
gotten a lot better since the first
movie now to transform him into robot
mode just just connect these in the back
swing them around to form his arms like
at drop this down that bring and rotate
this all the way around so it will be
his arms separate the legs rotate down
his feet see a little Autobot symbol
right there and very much like the
animated Optimus Prime presses down down
at a puck and his head will pop up
straighten them up and they're using
robot mode and this is a thousand times
better than the old crappy legends
movie Optimus Prime that one looked
absolutely ridiculous this one is
actually really cool looking and really
gives justice and meaning for the
legends class figures they're not just
junk anymore they're actually decent
little figures and actually a good mal
pose ability especially the arms here
has elbow joint and that shoulder joint
so I'm at the hip no knees and if you
really want to get technical he has some
feet right down there and his face is
actually quite good and you see that
there you go really nicely detailed and
compared to my latest new favorite
figure I just guys Devastator just get a
overall feel for ya he's definitely one
of the best legends class figures in my
opinion obviously not not as good as
demonstrated but he's he's the exception
but he's a very good cheap Optimus Prime
if you really can't afford any of the
other ones and want a simple
transformation and not really give a
crap about scale this is want to get all
right until next time they want
you